This is the research information I have concluded :
Technical skills drive innovation and productivity, enable career development, and increase employability.
According to Tzimas et al. (2024), job posting analysis helps in providing effective insights into job trends, wage trends, and required skills of the employee.
In the business, the digitalisation process helps in managing automated tasks and maintaining a streamlined workflow that enhances the productivity of the firm.
Based on the view of Osman et al. (2025), in the firm, ML skills allow for addressing patterns and trends of the large dataset, which helps in making decisions based on the industry requirements. 
As an example, in the manufacturing process, ML helps in improving the supply chain management, decreasing wastage, and improving the product quality.  
Technical skills in the labour market allow for reducing maintenance costs and solving complex issues.
As opined by Chumwatana, Khin, and Hpone (2025), job description is required to be analysed for improving recruitment strategies, providing better workforce planning, and analysing skill mismatch. Gurcan, Soylu, and Khan (2025) explored that in understanding workforce skills and trends, it is important to analyse job responsibilities and titles that helped in exploring the hiring patterns and requirements of expertise roles in the digital market.           
SO as to why this info is related to our rq is:
The literature review section highlights the enhanced demand for AI and ML-related skills in digital industries, and the literature did not clearly investigate whether the skill requirements differ across job postings. 
Existing literature explores the overall impact of digitalisation, data-driven decisions, and the automation process, but offers limited evidence on senior and entry-level roles to have ML skills at different rates.
Based on the existing literature, the gap needs to be solved for improving workforce planning, training programs, and recruitment strategies that help in meeting the industry requirements.
In future studies, it is important to investigate job-level differences and the way digital technologies reshape skill requirements across the labour market.
